fix(typo): fix error with typo (#33)
DiagRAMS-Technologies/api-docs: contents/pages/data-bridge.md

The best way to do it is to **use our push API**. It allows you to send us your sensors data on the fly, eventually retry sending that data. It is efficient, sure and doesn't introduce any delay in the data processing.

On the other hand, we can enable **the pull mode**. With this mode, we regularly try to retrieve the data from your own API or data provider, supporting a wide variety of platforms listed above.

## ML Project setup

In either push and pull mode, we will first need to create an `ML_PROJECT` code. If you don't have it already, [contact us](mailto:support@diagrams-technologies.com?subject=Ml%20project%20code%20request).

## Push mode through our HTTPS API

> The data is pushed endpoint allows you to send us your data. You can do so by calling our API this way (replace the uppercase string with their values):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data push endpoint allows you to send us your data. You can do so by calling our API this way (replace the uppercase string with their values):
```

Author: done
